usage: juju bootstrap [options]
purpose: start up an environment from scratch

options:
--constraints  (= )
    set environment constraints
-e, --environment (= "joyent")
    juju environment to operate in
--metadata-source (= "")
    local path to use as tools and/or metadata source
--series  (= )
    upload tools for supplied comma-separated series list
--upload-tools  (= false)
    upload local version of tools before bootstrapping

bootstrap starts a new environment of the current type (it will return an error
if the environment has already been bootstrapped).  Bootstrapping an environment
will provision a new machine in the environment and run the juju state server on
that machine.

If constraints are specified in the bootstrap command, they will apply to the 
machine provisioned for the juju state server.  They will also be set as default
constraints on the environment for all future machines, exactly as if the
constraints were set with juju set-constraints.

Bootstrap initializes the cloud environment synchronously and displays information
about the current installation steps.  The time for bootstrap to complete varies 
across cloud providers from a few seconds to several minutes.  Once bootstrap has 
completed, you can run other juju commands against your environment. You can change
the default timeout and retry delays used during the bootstrap by changing the
following settings in your environments.yaml (all values represent number of seconds):

    # How long to wait for a connection to the state server.
    bootstrap-timeout: 600 # default: 10 minutes
    # How long to wait between connection attempts to a state server address.
    bootstrap-retry-delay: 5 # default: 5 seconds
    # How often to refresh state server addresses from the API server.
    bootstrap-addresses-delay: 10 # default: 10 seconds

Private clouds may need to specify their own custom image metadata, and possibly upload
Juju tools to cloud storage if no outgoing Internet access is available. In this case,
use the --metadata-source paramater to tell bootstrap a local directory from which to
upload tools and/or image metadata.

See Also:
   juju help switch
   juju help constraints
   juju help set-constraints
