Start by generating a generic configuration file for Juju, using the command:

  juju init

This will create the '~/.juju/' directory (or $JUJU_HOME, if set) if it doesn't
already exist and generate a file, 'environments.yaml' in that directory.

The local provider is a Linux-only Juju environment that uses LXC containers as
a virtual cloud on the local machine.  Because of this, lxc and mongodb are
required for the local provider to work.  If you don't already have lxc and
mongodb installed, run the following commands:

  sudo apt-get update
  sudo apt-get install lxc mongodb-server

After that you might get error for SSH authorized/public key not found. ERROR
SSH authorized/public key not found.

  ssh-keygen -t rsa

Now you need to tell Juju to use the local provider and then bootstrap:

  juju switch local
  juju bootstrap

The first time this runs it might take a bit, as it's doing a netinstall for
the container, it's around a 300 megabyte download. Subsequent bootstraps
should be much quicker. You'll be asked for your 'sudo' password, which is
needed because only root can create LXC containers. When you need to destroy
the environment, do 'juju destroy-environment local' and you could be asked
for your 'sudo' password again.

You deploy charms from the charm store using the following commands:

  juju deploy mysql
  juju deploy wordpress
  juju add-relation wordpress mysql

As of trusty, the local provider will prefer to use lxc-clone to create
the machines. A 'template' container is created with the name
  juju-<series>-tempalte
where <series> is the OS series, for example 'juju-precise-template'.
You can override the use of clone by specifying
  use-clone: true
or
  use-clone: false
in the configuration for your local provider.  If you have the main container
directory mounted on a btrfs partition, then the clone will be using btrfs
snapshots to create the containers. This means that the clones use up much
less disk space.  If you do not have btrfs, lxc will attempt to use aufs
(which is an overlay type filesystem). You can explicitly ask Juju to create
full containers and not overlays by specifying the following in the provider
configuration:
  use-clone-aufs: false


References:

  http://askubuntu.com/questions/65359/how-do-i-configure-juju-for-local-usage
  https://juju.ubuntu.com/docs/getting-started.html

See Also:

  juju help init
  juju help bootstrap
